I was insired by this project and ended up doing a bit more than was assigned. I had to dial it back from my original plan to fit the deadline but I accomplished some of the basic additional functionality. I wanted to have varying degrees of character attack and have certain characters have hidden features. For example if the user plays as yoda there is a variable attack that does damage bsed off a random generator. Darth sidiuses attack and snokes attack is also like this. This makes the game a bitmore dynamic and chance based as apposed to a straight up and down click through game. There were a few things that I did not accomplish that I wanted to such as I was working on a function that would bring up other characters to help if snokes ability was triggered. I ran into difficulties becaus the way I have my code set up made it complicated to have mulitple attack players effecting the User HP. I believe I have a solution to this problem but I thought it was best to move on to different subjects. I have this commented in my code.


In addition I also originally intended on having two paths one dark side and one light side. I still plan on coding this pout but it seemed like a larger project than I originally anticipated but I will basically make it so that the user will be prompted with a seperate html file that asks the user if they would like to play as a sith lord of their choosing or play as a jedi. After choosing they would be able to play low level characters of the opposite disiplain before they would ultimately face the original choices for the other side. This is why in my file you will see multiple html files and some without any writng in them. 
